Set Up Github Page for Documentation (#201)
Princeton-CDH/remarx: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `segment_text` function for breaking text into sentences with character-level indices
- Add `corpus` submodule with:
    - input classes for text and TEI/XML
    - a factory method to initialize appropriate input class based on file type

>     - a method and script for creating a sentence corpus

Reviewer: I've wondered about that too! Could there be a difference in versions or local configuration that is affecting this?

### Documentation

- Set up Mkdocs for documentation

> - Add GitHub Pages deployment workflow for automatic documentation publishing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add GitHub Actions workflow to build and deploy documentation to GitHub Pages for released versions (`main` branch)
```
